Update draft-cds-rats-intel-corim-profile.md (#27)
nedmsmith/draft-cds-rats-intel-corim-profile: draft-cds-rats-intel-corim-profile.md

`2.16.840.1.113741.1.16.1`

# CoMID Extensions {#sec-comid-extensions}

> This profile extencs the baseline CoMID for Reference Values with an expression that informs Verifiers about non-exact-match matching semantics that include: ranges, sets, masks.

Reviewer: spelling of extends

Author: I'm confused. Is `extencs` a word?

Author: I agree with the rest of the change.

> This profile extencs the baseline CoMID for Reference Values with an expression that informs Verifiers about non-exact-match matching semantics that include: ranges, sets, masks.

Author: ```suggestion
This profile extends the baseline CoMID for Reference Values with an expression that informs Verifiers about non-exact-match matching semantics that include: ranges, sets, and masks.
```
